Lorem Ipsum

Discovery

"Lorem ipsum" text is derived from sections 1.10.32–3 of Cicero's De 
finibus bonorum et malorum (On the Ends of Goods and Evils, or 
alternatively [About] The Purposes of Good and Evil). The original 
passage began: Neque porro quisquam est qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit 
amet consectetur adipisci velit (translation: "Neither is there anyone 
who loves, pursues or desires pain itself because it is pain"). 

It is not known exactly when the text acquired its current standard 
form; it may have been as late as the 1960s. Richard McClintock, a Latin 
scholar who was the publications director at Hampden-Sydney College in 
Virginia, discovered the source of the passage sometime before 1982 
while searching for instances of the Latin word "consectetur", rarely 
used in classical literature. The physical source of the Lorem 
Ipsum text may be the 1914 Loeb Classical Library Edition of the De 
Finibus, where the Latin text finishes page 34 with "Neque porro 
quisquam est qui do-" and begins page 36 with "lorem ipsum (et 
seq.)…", suggesting that the galley type of that page was scrambled to 
make the dummy text seen today.


Latin source

The original version (with the excerpted items highlighted) appears in 
the 1914 Loeb Classical Library Edition of the De Finibus, Book 1, 
sections 32-3:

Sed ut perspiciatis, unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem 
accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam eaque ipsa, quae ab 
illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt, 
explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem, quia voluptas sit, aspernatur aut 
odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos, qui ratione 
voluptatem sequi nesciunt, neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum, 
quia dolor sit amet consectetur adipisci[ng] velit, sed quia non numquam 
[do] eius modi tempora inci[di]dunt, ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam 
quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum 
exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea 
commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit, qui in ea 
voluptate velit esse, quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum, qui 
dolorem eum fugiat, quo voluptas nulla pariatur?

At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus, qui 
blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti, quos dolores 
et quas molestias excepturi sint, obcaecati cupiditate non provident, 
similique sunt in culpa, qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est 
laborum et dolorum fuga. Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita 
distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio, 
cumque nihil impedit, quo minus id, quod maxime placeat, facere 
possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. 
Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum 
necessitatibus saepe eveniet, ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et 
molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente 
delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut 
perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat...


English translation

H. Rackham's 1914 translation – in the aforementioned Loeb Classical 
Library edition - with the major source of lorem ipsum highlighted:

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing of a 
pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete 
account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great 
explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one 
rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, 
but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally 
encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there 
anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because 
it is pain, but occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain 
can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of 
us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some 
advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who 
chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one 
who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike 
men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the 
moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and 
trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who 
fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying 
through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple 
and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is 
untrammeled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like 
best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in 
certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations 
of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be 
repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds 
in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to 
secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse 
pains.


Variations

Today's popular version of Lorem ipsum was first created in the 
mid-1980s for Aldus Corporation's breakthrough desktop publishing 
program PageMaker for the Apple Macintosh. Aldus adapted older forms 
of the lorem text from typography samples to use in PageMaker's graphics 
and word processing templates.

Nowadays a variety of software, including text editors and plug-ins, can 
generate semi-random "lorem-like text", which often has little or 
nothing in common with the canonical adaptations other than looking like 
(and often being) jumbled Latin. Apple's Pages and Keynote software 
employ such jumbled text as sample screenplay layout. Lorem ipsum is 
also featured on Joomla! and WordPress web content managers. Microsoft 
Office Word 2007, 2010 and 2013 have a Lorem ipsum feature. Adobe 
Dreamweaver offers a "Lorem and More" extension for inserting "lorem 
text" into web pages. 

Cicero's first Oration against Catiline - Quo usque tandem abutere, 
Catilina, patientia nostra? Quam diu etiam furor iste tuus nos 
eludet?... - is sometimes used in type specimens.

